EDIFACT EDI - Added a note about File Size restrictions (#399)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/edifact/edifact-edi-connector.adoc

To use the EDIFACT EDI connector in a production environment, you must
have purchased a MuleSoft license for Anypoint B2B.

> NOTE: The EDIFACT EDI Connector supports files up to 15MB, and the memory requirement is roughly 40 to 1. For example, a 1MB file requires up to 40MB of memory to process, so it's important to consider this memory requirement in conjunction with your TPS needs for large EDIFACT files. This is not an exact figure as the value may vary according to the complexity of the mapping instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: EDIFACT EDI Connector supports files of up to 15 MB, and the memory requirement is roughly 40 to 1. For example, a 1-MB file requires up to 40 MB of memory to process, so it's important to consider this memory requirement in conjunction with your TPS needs for large EDIFACT files. This is not an exact figure; the value might vary according to the complexity of the mapping instructions.
```

To use the EDIFACT EDI connector in a production environment, you must
have purchased a MuleSoft license for Anypoint B2B.

> NOTE: The EDIFACT EDI Connector supports files up to 15MB, and the memory requirement is roughly 40 to 1. For example, a 1MB file requires up to 40MB of memory to process, so it's important to consider this memory requirement in conjunction with your TPS needs for large EDIFACT files. This is not an exact figure as the value may vary according to the complexity of the mapping instructions.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure if "as" translates well. I suggest using "because" instead.

Reviewer: This is a good catch, Diane, but because the main point is that the figure is inexact, I suggest using a semicolon instead, to give the first part equal, if not primary, importance.

Reviewer 3: Thanks Kim. And thanks Diane.
